Challenges with ELT pipelines.
ELTs can be expensive.
ELT pipelines generally deal with huge volume of structured and unstructured data.
Scalability is a necessity for ELT pipelines.
If data storage and data processing are a concern,
ELT might not be the solution.
ELT is new kid on the block.
ELT is less mature and less reliable than ETL.
It is still evolving.
It is hard to find resources and expertise in this domain.
Some corner cases of ELT could be moving huge volumes of data comes with the risk.
ELT designs have to be scrutinized and should
follow stringent standard to avoid security risk.
Companies are regulated with various security standard such as GDPR, HIPAA or CCPA.
Removing, masking, or encrypting data might be harder in an ELT model.